---
title: A book about how to accompany our children
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; &#xA0;I read a book&#xA0; &quot;&#xA0; Accompany children with six years primary school &quot; which was written by Chenlian_Liu. That&apos;s a great book. I haven&apos;t read a paper book for a long time, but the book is interesting and useful so that I finishe it in a week.&#xA0;The book was made up by tens of stories which happend on their daughter,&#xA0; and express her opinion and method&#xA0;about how to grow a child. There isn&apos;t too much theroy and precept besides the story.&#xA0; Just like chatting with&#xA0;a neighbor about our children.&#xA0; It&apos;s comfortable and easy to accept.&#xA0;&#xA0; And the book is useful for me which have two children.</p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; We don&apos;t have the experience of growing a child and haven&apos;t had any training before been a parent.&#xA0; So we always study together with our children, the different it&apos;s that we learned to be a parent besides the child learn knowledge and skills.&#xA0; We all made many mistakes in the period and we are wrong in some sector.&#xA0; And we always don&apos;t want to&#xA0; accept the advices of the elder family members.&#xA0; So, a good book may help us to avoid many mistakes and give our children a happy childhood.</p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; The keypoint of the book is accompany.&#xA0; We won&apos;t always be better than our children in every areas. And our children prefer to look us as friends or teachers more than leaders.&#xA0; The status will be helpful for them to learn knowledge and skills, and have more positive attitude&#xA0; with the world. Provide the good environment and accompany with them and growing together with them.&#xA0; We also have more knowledge about growing a child&#xA0;to learn.</p>