---
title: A short break
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<p id="p_1"><span id="s_0">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; Finally, I can have a short break even I apply two-day off next week for relaxation, I know the happy time will be very short, because the end of this month, our customer will audit us again.</span><span id="s_1"> Currently, I don&apos;t know what will happen for this round of audit, I sincerely hope it could get a good result and make a good impression to customer.</span><span id="s_2"> Anyway, I should be lived in the moment and also I should try to make myself happy even the environment around us not so friendly.</span><span id="s_3"> Sometimes, I may involve into bad mood under big pressure or something I can&apos;t handle well.</span><span id="s_4"> During the past several weeks, I work overtime so frequent that I can&apos;t have a good rest.</span><span id="s_5"> I plan to gradually lower the overtime frequency when the new production line is running smooth and also I need to take enough training to learn something regarding the new line.</span><span id="s_6">I actually don&apos;t know how to create a new program or debug it by myself.</span><span id="s_7"> Actually, I have the feeling that the new task will quickly befall me no matter I am willing to accept or not.</span><span id="s_8"> Even I already take the psychological preparation to take this responsibility, I believe before new colleague is on board, I can&apos;t reduce my work loading as long as I work here.</span></p><p><span>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; <span id="s_9">To be honest, I am getting busy this year than last year, but, I am not getting well paid even don&apos;t get yearly pay raise that all of us is expected since the beginning of this year</span></span></p>