---
title: Back home and best home
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
Beijing is the city I have been to there several times. Last Sunday I went to there again for the business trip. Sort of windy and cloudy, as if I were in the winter. I still had few clothes and residents had already put on their thick coats and down jackets. I was more like an alien, but I did not feel that cold except for the gale. That afternoon, around 4 pm, it was clearly blue. That was because of the wind which blew away the haze.Every time I went to there, I only did the job and then went back in the hurry. Yesterday afternoon, I finished everything then I could have some time to while away. I took a walk to the Tienanmen square and many tourists taking pictures in front of it. It was a free walk in the night and I had something to eat in a mall before I got back to the hotel.Today I am back home again. The high speed train really runs fast. About five hours by the Fuxing bullet train, I was back at 3 pm. Warmer and fresher in the air, I felt much happier since I did not have to suffer the dry air in the capital. Home is the best.Though it is the place full of so called opportunities. It does not fit everyone. Those who can survive with handsome incoming have the chance to live. If not, ordinary guys who earn little are hardly to be sustainable living there too long. In reality, we have to be sure what we want. The goal can just be right for one's ability, neither too high nor too low. The value of struggling for a better life is what we want. Meanwhile, we also have to be calm for the thing we believe in.