---
title: black swan
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
    We see, feel and sense things through materialized ways to judge in which we feel ourself 100% ensured in the processes, so it that true?    When the results blatantly contrast the trusted formulations, we just cursorily appease ourself with more patience next time or another nice philosophical cover that judging sth by heart not only the sense. So it that enough?     We learn everything by making senses from the interactions in a way you think right during the whole operation and gradually elicit from the surroundings to further on and on until the result comes out. Yes, that is the basic grounding. What if you somehow lose the direct interactions, you are forced to be less confident while decision making, as this makes sense it is easier in business negotiation by face to face expression instead of on a phone call.    But the mentioned above is only the fraction, the unnoticed part is we are customary or immobilized in the way of thinking which traditionally proves great and we veiled unable to detect the black swan. Like the iceberg, the exposure part is only the mini, the underground huge. The advanced compoents, comfiguration and orientation we once boasted just occupy tiny plausibility of the whole thing. The subdivided facet you oblivious or what is worse the preference we fix is the reason of forming the black swan.    We are molded to the course of life, along the road more focus on the goal somehow deadening catching instincts which more illustrious during the infant period. See sth through maybe is the overhaul we are doomed to shape insights and mature or edge ourself in the end.    At last, have a good weekend and good tomorrow.