---
title: Busy with upset
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<p id="p_1"><span id="s_0">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; The bad mood is always around me and it even impacts my daily life.</span><span id="s_1"> Sometimes, I am wondering whether I can&apos;t manger my own time so that I feel busy with upset, or can I keep a better status as before.</span><span id="s_2"> No doubt, recently the workload makes me coking so that I couldn&apos;t help shouting at somebody.</span><span id="s_3"> This change I already knew, but, I would like to say it really hard to make those change in a short time.</span><span id="s_4"> Even though I already express my opinion and current situation to my supervisor even my supervisor&apos;s boss.</span><span id="s_5"> But, the final decision is to keep the current status before new employees were recruited.</span><span id="s_6"> I feel disappointed but can do nothing, because, I don&apos;t make a decision leaving here immediately, due to I have a family to support, before I get a new job I can&apos;t do anything that make my repentant later.</span><span id="s_7"> When I calm down, I told me everything will be fine after each tough time.</span><span id="s_8"> But, this time, I felt hard to control myself not only the outsider environment changed but the internal situation is changed quickly.</span><span id="s_9"> It is obvious that I feel most of us can&apos;t stand this working style any more.</span><span id="s_10"> But, I know it isn&apos;t reached the breaking point.</span><span id="s_11"> I believe if the current situation will continue to a long time, it will quickly beak out full-scale explosion.</span><span id="s_12"> I don&apos;t want to see the day happens, I expect the current situation could become better gradually.</span><span id="s_13"> Can I see what I expected? <span id="s_14">I have no idea.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; </span></span></p>