---
title: Busy
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<p id="p_1"><span id="s_0">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; The real tough time began last week and it would continue to the following two week at least, even all machines will be arriving in the following weeks, but, employee recruitment has not started yet.</span><span id="s_1"> That means, we have enough manpower to follow up these machines.</span><span id="s_2"> I thought I almost reached my limit to workload, I already argue with my manager many times regarding the workload distribution.</span><span id="s_3"> Base on his comments, he can understand my situation, but he can do nothing because of applying headcount has not got approval from high level management.</span><span id="s_4"> Sometimes, I felt so sorry about his suffering, our big boss didn&apos;t like him that means he didn&apos;t have the right of speaking most of time.</span><span id="s_5"> Most employees in our company were suffering a lot during this time, except for a few guys.</span><span id="s_6"> Work overtime was becoming common, I am wondering how long it will it be last such situations, I hope I can go back to normal track, but it seems it is possible due to I am becoming busy more and more so that I have no time to focus on what I should do.</span><span id="s_7"> On one hand, I have the opportunity to learn something new to improve myself.</span><span id="s_8"> On the other hand, I have to give up something as return and try to adjust myself to accept this changes no matter it is advantage or disadvantage.</span></p><p><span>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; <span id="s_9">I always told myself that the life is not easy, sometimes, it&apos;s very tough, if I can&apos;t adapt it how can I survive myself.</span></span></p>