---
title: Cloudy day
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
 It is a cloudy day. Everything becomes dull. It is good for staying at bed for doing nothing. Even though today is sunday. we have to work as last friday we had worked off. So sunday instead has to work.  Time is passing so quick, Incredibly, Life sucks again at this moment. Age increases, not achievement which make me sad.  Most of time I felt  nervous as job and financial problem. That is probablly whyi I continue this job. I do not have courage to quit at this moment.  If without pursuing, Life would be nothing, which I clearly know about that. But suviving  is important to. I have to balance the pros and cons when i decide to change the job or not. Indeed, changing a job is inevitable as my present job is nothing related with language. I am afraid of losing my language skills.  Except for the job, I hope my mother can be recovered from the mental problem which bothered her for years.  These few weeks I have a serious problem for the sleeping too. I experienced waking up at the midnight and then I will awake till the morning. Terrible, I hope I can have a good quality of sleeping. For the above problem, I think I may use mobile phone  too long hours per day. Instead I do not read book. Some people are losing the capability for reading one book. I found I was the one too. So sad. reading is always giving us the nurture, which broaden our vision.  Hopefully I can adjust myself and alert the crisis of myself. Like a frog staying in the heating wather, I am afraid that I will die like that.    