---
title: Content and acknowledgement
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<div><font size="3" face="Verdana">It cools off to be the fine season, neither hot nor cold. I like this moment in peace. As I run along with street to street, I sense different kinds of scenes. In the night, nobody else is with me, but myself. I enjoy alone all the way.</font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana"><br></font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana">In few days, it begins with the last quarter of the year 2019. The time does not show it trace, we hardly notice it till we realize we are getting on. Some grey hair, wrinkles and so forth, they make the age and tells the story of life experience. Everyone has his or her stories. They are memories to help rethink and conclude which is the preparation for the next step of life journey.</font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana"><br></font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana">It is doomed to be full of hardship in the process of getting through the life comfort zone. Anyway, it is still recommended to go ahead. If not, there is no room for growth. And we are easy to sink into the marsh. Whatever we go on or retreat, difficulties do not go away, they are still there. Not such a way&#xA0; for us to choose to avoid troubles. What we can do is to proceed with what we dream and hold on what we have.</font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana"><br></font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana">To be greateful, while in reality, we usually ingore it. It is not a big talk, it does lie in every thing we do. It records the routine of life. There is no turning point to go back, therefor, move on. We are the master of our own. Nobody can dominate you but yourself.<br></font></div>