---
title: Cram School
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
     As my daughter will be on sixth grade this semester, to choose a cram school will put on the agenda before starting of this semester, as normal model of thinking if you want to enter a good middle school, the stage of sixth grade will be extremely important to students, it will depend on if you can have an opportunity entering a good middle school, however, only entering a good middle school is the basis of entering a good high school, of course, only entering a good high school can stand for a better chance for joining a top class university. Once you own a diploma of top class university, you will have more choices than others who graduated ordinary university. This is a realistic society that doesn't allow losing chances too much especially at a critical stage of life. Nowadays, some classmates of my daughter already were on a cram school since third grade or fourth grade. All these, will push indirectly my wife and me to choose a cram school for school record improved. Even though, we are taking the policy of nine-year compulsory education, for some of children still face big pressure especially to these who want to have more chances of education. Now, more than half of students of middle school have not opportunities entering high school instead of getting into technical school. What's more, even if you already get into a good middle school, there are still difference of regular class and top class in school. Many children pay more attention to focus on school record improved and ignore other sides improved such as physical enhancement. As to these poor children that they could do is to greatly follow up current ruler of game and adapt this.