---
title: Enjoy our life every day!
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
How time flies! Half of the summer vacation is over. I was troubled by my two children&apos;s illness the other day. Fortunately, with the&#xA0; care of us&#xFF0C;the two babies have recovered . I am&#xA0;&#xA0;really relieved now. Today is a rainy day . My husband went to work early in the morning.&#xA0; We had soybean milk and deep-fried dough sticks for breakfast. I spent a wonderful time with my two children today. We sang, danced and played games together in the morning and slept for two hours at noon. For dinner ,we had eggplant stuffed dumplings . They are delicious! My daughter and my husband ate a lot of dumplings, they enjoyed them , completely. At this moment, I feel very happy. I have two happy and healthy babies, one is six years old and the other is three. For us, they are angels. My husband is not a very handsome man . He is tall and strong, who is two years younger than me, but he is a responsible man. Since we are married, he has been protecting me and our two babies. We&#xA0; are devoted to each other and seldom quarrel. We have a happy family. Time is short and unfortunately we are all getting older.&#xA0; There may never be a better time than now to live a meaningful life with our parents and kids. From now on, I&apos;d like to catch each opportunity to accompany my parents and&#xA0; my babies. I will share my experience,achievements, joys and moments of pride&#xA0; with them. I hope we can enjoy ourselves every day in our whole lifetime.&#xA0;