---
title: Get into career two years, i have $2 million in deposits[part II]
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
 After graduating from high school, I was admitted to the best financial school in China.father send me to school, my eyes filled with tears, i felt my dream was coming true.in college, i study hard everyday. but i am not bookworm. i am also like physical exercise, i often paly table tennis during lunch time,  and play football during dinner time, the reason i choose these time to sport is i think there are so many people coming and going that make me can't settle down to study, so i would rather wholehearted to play.in the night, After the roommates sleep, the whole domistory is quiet down. i pick up a cushion go to stairway to learn. the cushion was mother made, it  consisted of several small trianglel which cut from my shabby clothes, it's not really beautiful but it is very durable, it always remind me my mother.  it has accompanied me for many years. everytime i feel sleepy, i look down at the cushion as if i saw my mother, saw my mother was making shoes in the midnight. in my impression, my mother keep on making shoes in the midnight. beacuse she works in the fields in the day and my feet grow fast, she have to take up sleeping time to do this. until now i still like wear this kinds of shoes. it's very comfortable and air permeable. but the different is, i can't wear mother made shoes anymore. because mother has grown old and frail. she can't see the needle and thread clearly. she also didn't have enough strength to penetrate the soles of shoes.so everytime i thought this, i always talk to myself, i couldn't sleep earier then my mother. i stand up, put my feet on stairs, head towards down to make push-up, when i feel a little bit sober continue to study. i know it's very diffcult to work in bank. so i have to pay more, and learn more.