---
title: Grow everyday
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
Not everyday goes well as we planned, but it does not work badly if we have the full preparation for what might happen. By doing so, we think it confident to conquer whatever we meet. Sometimes we are fragile and we are desperate to require the comfort to console the soul. Therefore we need to be ready at any time. Not a single moment could be easily wasted. Since life is so short.Most of the time we may be wondering and having no idea what we should do and what exactly we want. This is normal and we all have that tough time to come through.Do not be sad and do not be overexcited, things are just fine which are usually neither so good nor so bad. It does not mean we tend to be a cold-blood person, actually it has the high quality which needs us to master the smooth mind and cultivated behavior.Everyday is the in the course of self-training. We meet lots of things and undoubtedly we are easily to be involved in various kinds of temptations. We definitely have to sharpen eyes. The tough thing is some of those potential risks and unexpected things can not be detected and recognized by naked eyes. Then, what should we do?To read more books, to meet more people, to experience as much as we can. Only by doing this do we realize how to judge and analyze. We won't be kids anymore. We grow to be more mature. Time tells of the achievement we made.Do what we can, change what we ought to have to do. Every bit of move makes to be great one day. You can not rely on the good result which comes out in a short time. As a matter of fact, it costs much time and consumes us energies to wait it out.