---
title: have knowledges in many areas but not expert in one.
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; I talked with my colleagues for more than 1.5 hours this afternoon. The talk area covered the areas of electrical product, famous company,&#xA0;history, culture, political, economic, war and even the Chinese Fengshui. I have more knowledge in many areas and it seemed that I can talk with&#xA0;everyone&#xA0;about some topics.&#xA0; That&apos;s both my&#xA0;strengths and weaknesses.</p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; I always want to know more in many areas in my past life.&#xA0; I have&#xA0;&#xA0;technology and management studying background&#xA0;and working experiences. I also interest in drawing , music , history,&#xA0; tourism, , mechine, electrical product. I chaned my studying or working places each 4 or 5 years in the past 20 years. I aways want to change my work if there are not enough new things for me.&#xA0;So I have more experiences than others. &#xA0;I don&apos;t like games,&#xA0; clothes , decious food , TV play ,&#xA0; sports match. Most of my time were spend on the different knowledges of the areas which I like .&#xA0; Both by smartphone or TV.&#xA0; I think&#xA0;that&apos;s the way of my life in the past.</p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; But I&#xA0;was lost my direction&#xA0;in the past one year.&#xA0; I found that I am not so professional in one of the areas&#xA0;which lead me can&apos;t find a good job.&#xA0; I am just a common man and don&apos;t have so much energy to learn too much in each areas.&#xA0; And I don&apos;t want to pay much time on the deepest structure of one area.&#xA0; So I am not an&#xA0;expert , although I know many knowledges of different areas.&#xA0; So I have to correction my direction from now.&#xA0; Focus most of my energy on one or two areas and try to be an expert.&#xA0; I hope it&apos;s not too&#xA0;late.</p>