---
title: Innavotion and speed (1)
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
      Good afternoon everyone.  The topic of my speech is the innovation and speed, the arrival of AI era.  We all know that the AI was so popular now.  Let's talk about that too.       The content of my speech.  first, the defination the AI;  Second , Why do we need AI;  Third, possible applications of AI in USI.  Fourth, How can individuals adapt to the AI era.       AI, the full name is Artificial Intelligence. It's the simulate of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systerms.  There are two main branches of AI. One is weak or narrow AI, Which can learn and operation with the help of human.  Such as chatbots, robotics automation and self-driving car.  The other is strong AI or AGI.  In which machines and software that is conscious and has a mind .  The first robotic citizen sophia maybe the beginning of the strong AI.    Why do we need AI.    First is the labor cost. As shown in the right picture. The average monthly salary in Shang hai has rised 135 times in the past 40 years. And it will rise continuously. That's one reason for our industry transformation.     On the contrary, AI technology can provide machines which can work even 24 hours a day and more efficient work. They are no tired , no absent minded and no complain. They can bring us high output and low cost.     Third is the product update cycle is shortened.   We need rapid development and quick response. AI can help us on that.      forth is the more accurate produts and higher quality.  According with the technology development our product get smaller and smaller,  more requirement and less defect. most of them can't be handle by human beings or it's great expensive.