---
title: Is festival is needed for us
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
     Yesterday is the christmas. Are you have a good festival with your lover or friends. But it just a usual day for me. I seldolm celebrate a festival in my life. The birthday, valentine's day , wedding anniversary , nationday, and even the new year. And prepare a gift is a headache too. Festival is just means days of vacation for me. My wife angry with me for that for a long time. But she has been used to that now. I think that.      Maybe the festerval give us a good chance to express our love and friendship. I am no doubt that is a good thing. But why we have to do that in the festival. We can give a gift or have a romantic dinner with lover at anytime if we want. We also can play games with our children,  accompany with our parents and have a party with friends.  The best gift is the things what they want. It's a embarrassing thing to received a dislike gift. Of course, they may be shy to tell you what they want. But I don't think it's a big problem between family members and good friends. And we are not so poor and can afford a gift in the everyday life.      I am not a romatic man in my wife's words. And I am not good at finding what others want. That maybe an excuse for me to deny to celebrate festivals. And I don't think we have to express our love and friendship in festivals. On the contrary , we can do that everyday. A surprise may become a embarrssing thing . So, baby, tell me what you want. I'll take it to you. A gift or just a warm hug. Everyday is a festival.