---
title: Its time to make a change
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
One girl commented on my message board of DIOEnglish: “You left your last job, how brave you are?” That made me smile, yet I can’t tell how dare I this time since I have been working at 10 companies in Australia, the longest seven years, the shortest just one day. Changing a company is like wearing a pair of shoes, if not match, and then going for the other one until you feel happy. I am so proud of myself for a decision made in the late 20s which I struggled for ten years, there was nobody supported me mentally, everyone worried about that I could never find one once quitting a stable job, and I doomed to fail, one colleague lady warned me: “You will have no future.” How disappointing!!! It was hard to find any books or magazines which encouraged me to create a roadmap on my own.Once upon a time, we were educated that the ideal life was to work in a big company until got pension and that could be dangerous if different from others. Just imagine if you walk alone in the forest, you will be hungry, thirsty, cold and sick, unfortunately, could be lost and dead.That’s the reason people around you are for your goodness to have a safe life, at least you have food to eat and a place to stay. That’s exactly the feeling I’ve got in the 1990s; I was too scared of resigning a job from a state-run company which I could work the entire of my life.If you are surrounded by colleagues and friends who are content with the current life, then how hopeless you will feel though you are yearning for a change. You might be bored and can no longer stand the life day in day out; you prefer working hard to kill time than listening to the gossips, yet it only takes five hours to complete the task of the day, you are now the expert, the job is too easy for you. You have no passion, no motivation for what you are doing and then look at your computer’s clock 10 times a day: “Damn, there are still two more hours to go.” Life seems to the end, how about the rest of 30 to 40 years? If every day goes like that, I am gonna kill myself. The bad news is I doubt you will be supported by your closest friends, colleagues or even family, most of them are satisfied with what they’ve got for better or worse. The good thing is nowadays there are hundreds of books and articles available from the personal experience of authors who tell you stories about how to make a change if you like.Any time you sincerely want to make a change, the first thing you must do is to raise your standards.                                         - Tony Robbins - Yes, dream big which excites you, then make a plan and take action. That’s how you get your life started if you want to experience something unusual instead of admiring someone else.2014, after I survived in Australia for ten years, I made a plan for the next ten years.The top one on the list was to find a job in a better company, learning new skills and accounting software, meeting interesting people and experiencing the different company culture. Sounds like a good dream, however, every year when I was back from holiday in February, after I applied for several jobs, a couple of months past, I would like to make a plan for a holiday in July again, then had to give up the plan. Applying a job is time-consuming and frustrating, you have to take time off to get job interviews and answer phone calls without letting the boss know. My dream could never be realised; I wasn’t really full until started writing English, which made me much happier, I no longer felt bored at the workplace, I could do writing and reading at the spare time. At the end of 2016, my company was shutting down, I got redundant, instead of worrying about losing a job, I was a bit happy with smiling face, it’s time to make a change.Now my dream come true, I am surprised that I’m doing accounting in a company on my dream list which is not expected.Though I experienced so much frustration for job interviews and worked in different companies last year, and even don’t know what’s going on in the future, I never regret the change and enjoy life more. You never know what happens until you have a try. I am no longer afraid of a change and am becoming a better version because of the different experience.If I stay in the state-run company the rest of my life in China, I won’t write English blogs and won't have an enriching life experience.It is never too late to make a change.I can accept failure, everyone fails at something, but I can't accept not trying                                            - Michael Jordan -Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore                                           - Andre Gide -you are most welcome join my wechat subscription: Englishpssion