---
title: It's a difficult thing to support children without the help of our parents.
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; My daughter borned at the beginning of 2018, which is my second child.&#xA0;</p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Me and my wife both borned at 1981,&#xA0; we still can have a child when the two-child policy came.My wife want the second child athough I know that isn&apos;t a easy thing. Both of us have our work , so it&apos;s not a difficult thing to support two children and we prefer to support them in a poor way. </p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;The big problem is how to take care the two children.&#xA0; It&apos;s not easy for us to support all the family by one people to work.&#xA0;my&#xA0;work location&#xA0;has a long distance&#xA0;from my house, so&#xA0;I just &#xA0;go home at the weekends,&#xA0;&#xA0;my wife also have to get up early and go home late at night. &#xA0;And we don&apos;t want to quit from our career as mid-aged men.&#xA0; Our parents are over 65 and have bad health conditions, My father-in law even injured these day.&#xA0; It will&#xA0;take 10 years for a child to go to school by himself. Before that,&#xA0;adults have to take care them&#xA0;, send and get them from school.&#xA0;&#xA0; I don&apos;t know&#xA0;how can we operate it&#xA0; if the parents is too old&#xA0;to help us taking care the children.</p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; These days, we get a nursey class to get the elder child from school in the afternoon&#xA0;besides my wife send him to shchool in the morning. Hope the parents is health enough to help us to taking care my daughter until kindergarten.&#xA0; And I have to get a job&#xA0;near my home.&#xA0; In that way we can take care the children by ourselves.</p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; We can&apos;t support two children without the help of our parents. Thanks a lot and hope&#xA0;they all have a good health conditions.</p>