---
title: Just go anyway
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<div><font size="3"><font face="Verdana">It is not easy to find out what exactly we are doing. We are busy doing for living while rarely squeezing the time to think about what we really want to have. We are occupied to be slaves, losing self awareness and becoming zombies. We are not brave anymore, instead, we are submissive. Does this kind of style suit for us? Is there another way to get through this staganation?</font></font></div><div><font size="3"><font face="Verdana"><br></font></font></div><div><font size="3"><font face="Verdana">A voice in the heart tells you that it must change. &quot;Right, step out, you can,&quot; the voice comes out and activates every cell in the body. Once we realise it is at the corssing, we should go and make a change by choosing a direction. Why do we hesitate going any further? Because we do not know where is the best way to solve problems. Actually, there is no choice for such a way. It does not exist. We only talk about stories of successful guys and do not think it too much about what they really have experienced. What we do is gong to be history which is to be the study for later generations. We are the pioneer of future, paving the way for recording a better tomrrow.</font></font></div><div><font size="3"><font face="Verdana"><br></font></font></div><div><font size="3"><font face="Verdana">What can we do is to go ahead. This way is full of uncertainties and hardship. It still has the magic for trying. We never stopping exploring which is the power to drive us moving further. There is no need to fear and we are supposed to accept the challenge to overcome timidness.<br></font></font></div>