---
title: Learn to enjoy life
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<div><font size="3" face="Verdana">Though it is still a little bit hot in the day, it definitely provides a chance to go around. Particularly before the National Day, there are fewer tourists. The weather is good enough.</font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana"><br></font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana">Being bothered by petty things and pressure from both life and work, sometimes it is a must to squeeze some time to relax. That is the moment which beongs to yourself. Happiness does not only mean a man makes a fortune, in fact, the good feeling comes from content for the current life style. If a guy who is busy day in and day out, in a style of 24/7. Will he feel the sense of quality of life?</font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana"><br></font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana">With nature, its peace calms you down. If we got time, it is needed to visit somewhere. Whether it is a long journey or not, you will relax and feel comfortable during the trip. You may take photoes or have a selfie. You can also have the time to be alone. In a teahouse, having a cup of tea, you are in the tranquility. If possibe, then you even can read a book for a while. Or a talk with good friends would be casually enjoyable.</font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana"><br></font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana">To be honest, I&apos;d rather like being alone on the trip. I do like that moment with myself. Nobody can let me feel bad. In the office, we are with colleagues and bosses, mostly tired up with them in the mingling. That would be the chance to free up. <br></font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana"><br></font></div><div><font size="3" face="Verdana">We are already working hard, it is necessary to to be good with ourselves. Life for everyone, is gifted for once. During the life journey, we suffer from the diseases, disasters, meets and parts with important people. It surely requires we are supposed to learn to enjoy what we have. Even a noon nap is splendid right now.<br></font></div>