---
title: New comer
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<span id="s_0">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; Finally, a new comer was on board last week, on one hand, he may share some responsibility to me, on another hand, he has his own responsibility and it&apos;s not possible to share me more.</span><span id="s_1"> Anyway, it&apos;s better than nothing.</span><span id="s_2"> Recently, I strong felt that I was on the edge of a cliff sometimes, if I can&apos;t deal with it, I may fall off from the cliff.</span><span id="s_3"> I don&apos;t have the feeling of exciting except big pressure, I have to say that this year is meant for busy year than past years.</span><span id="s_4"> There are so much multi-tasks to handle so that I can&apos;t focus on one thing, everyone around us looks like very busy even it already becomes a part of culture.</span><span id="s_5"> Too many meetings and so many trivial things are the big characters in our company, as everyone knows, once finishing one meeting that means new tasks will be assigned to us, what&apos;s more, the tasks not only from the meeting which I participated, but from the meeting which department manager participated.</span><span id="s_6"> Normally, the department manager will assign new tasks to us after meeting.</span><span id="s_7"> And the worse thing is we can hardly control the meeting time, normally, half an hour meeting could postpone at least one hour.</span><span id="s_8"> Actually, attending meeting really kills time, most of them lack efficiency.</span><span id="s_9"> Anyway, it could be changed in a short time unless the big boss is replaced in our company, actually, it can&apos;t happen based on current situation.</span><span id="s_10">In a word, if you don&apos;t have the ability to change, just to adapt it</span>