---
title: New job for my wife
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<p id="p_1"><span id="s_0">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; Anyway, there is a good news to my wife, because today she received an offer from another company which she will be working for from next month.</span><span id="s_1"> What&apos;s more, the company is very close to home, the reason why my wife chooses to leave current company is because she suffers a lot during the past months, too many work overtime ever need work overtime over twelve hours a day.</span><span id="s_2"> If it&apos;s an occasional case will be acceptable, actually, it&apos;s gradually becoming a common case especially when running new projects.</span><span id="s_3"> In her department, the quit job rate is always high even nobody would like to play the role of department manager because of big pressure with endless report and have to deal with rude requests from customers every day.</span><span id="s_4"> It&apos;s really exhausted experience not only from mental but from physical, of course, working under such high pressure can get a bit more salary than others.</span><span id="s_5"> But, it doesn&apos;t worth it, so my wife makes the final decision find another job escaping current working environment.</span></p><p><span>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; <span id="s_6">As the discussion with the interviewer, the new working environment will be much better than before.</span><span id="s_7"> At least, my wife no longer endures endless overtime and can possibly enjoy a whole weekend without interruption so that she can share more time to have fun with kids.</span><span id="s_8"> Anyway, I do hope my wife can find a right way that she is looking for this time.</span></span></p>