---
title: Self-introduction
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
My name is Chang. This is my first time writing blogs on the Internet. In this blog, I will give a self-introduction.I came from a small village in Jiangxi, China. In my family, there are eight people currently, including my parents, my brother and his wife, one eight-year-old niece and tow little nephews. Each time when I came back home, the best time I had was having fun with these three little children.Now, I am 22 years old, studying at a university in Wuhan, Hubei. I have spent four years in this city. When I look back, the moment that I strived for TOEFL, GRE exams and experiments in the lab always appeared in my mind. Those are the most impressive and meaningful things during the past four years. Chasing dreams is always wonderful! Now, I was successfully accepted by my dream school and teacher, and the next chapter is to begin.As for hobbies, League of Legends is my favorite game. I have been playing it for six years since my high school. After going into college, keeping fit, running and playing tennis took most my free time. I enjoy the time when my body was moving on the playground and tennis fields. Taking a hot-water shower after sports certainly makes all unhappiness out! I have wonderful friend playing tennis together. We learned how to play tennis together in the first year and became great partners in the next three years. In some holidays, I will make trips alone to different cities around China and enjoy myself. I always enjoy alone, which gives me much freedom and room to achieve my ideas. Besides entertainment, I spent most of time on doing experiment in the lab and reading in a quiet place. I plan to write blogs for each books I am going to read after I join DioEnglish. Finally, I am going to end this blog. Quite happy to join this club! Hope to meet new friends here!