---
title: Serious job-hunting situation and low mood
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
  In May,I resigned from the former company and left Shanghai back to Wuhan.  I entered an outsourcing technology company which is responsible for Huawei program.this is a totally wrong step and now I feel very regretful，I should have more thoughtful even if interview cross different cities is high-cost. The job in the outsourcing company is very uncomfortable and the part-A people is very difficulty to get along with and often blame us without reason.  When we work hard and still can't complete the task on time,I think too much workload and unclear guide is the key,with little time to know about the business and then forced us to do exactly in the direction.but this unreasonable situation is reasonable in the company and I often feel stressful and annoyed in the daily work.too much working details made us mad.  I left the company in August and start the job-hunting again.Be honestly,I left it without hesitation.  Until now I still have no satisfied offer and it becomes closer and closer to the new year.  Sometimes feel calm and sometimes afraid,most time worry is around me,this is a tough time.  Actually I got two offer in August and the salary is not bad but that period I was something enjoyble at the leisure.the job description is not so satisfying and I refused them all.things turned down sharply at September.I have no job interview during this month and not soon it comes to October.I had some job interview this month and usually I can pass through it easily but the job were worse than the August ones.this made me feel very frustrated and I refused it again.  Now the recruitment is less and less,my heart is very cold and I don't know whether my persistence is right,I push myself to so embarrassing situation.I don't know how to do next step.  Now I can come back to Shanghai since find a satisfying job there is much more easy, or choose to waiting for a potential job that I really like.this drives me crazy since I don't want to come back to Shanghai but I don't know whether there is chance for my hope.'小小书写下自己的烦恼，愿2018有个好的结尾，job&love&family，希望难熬的日子赶紧过去吧'