---
title: Thats the way to be an independent woman
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
An independent woman is a happy one because she’s the master of life, she doesn't need to rely on someone to consent what she should do or not.The first thing is to become financially independent. An independent woman works very hard as she has bills to pay, probably once she’s been told: “You don't have to work, just stay with me, I can pay for anything if you like.” I believe he’s telling the truth, yet that is just for the moment. The world is changing fast, his future is uncertain, how can he guarantee your whole life. A business owner is at the risk of losing contracts; a company could be shut down at any time, in that case, no matter a CEO, a CFO, a manager or an employee is most likely to be unemployed. Therefore, please don't trust what a man is telling you. I am sure he is sincere at this stage, but in the long run, no one knows what will happen.Work experience is more reliable than a man; there’s market value for your work history, if a company is closed, no worries, you can find a similar position in the other company. Probably your salary is not higher than a man promise to give you each month, yet after a decade, when the inflation rate is high, as long as you keep a job, at least you can afford to pay for basic necessities. And you don’t have to live up to his standards to do what you hate just because of trying to cater for him as you are afraid of losing financial security.Do what you love is the essential element of being a happy woman. Hence, your happiness relies on yourself than others. A woman gives up the opportunity to be financial freedom; I can’t tell that’s a wise idea.Emotional independence is also critical. To start with, Kathy was not serious about a man who is handsome, talented and generous. Gradually, her heart was touched by his caring and understanding of her feelings and moods. Kathy regarded him as a real man who could be trusted. Kathy got him on her mind as if he’s the only gorgeous man in the world. When time went by, there were conflicts, the feeling was fading, and the man started texting with other women than with her. Kathy couldn't stand being ignored and felt there’s no love with a distance. In the end, she said good-bye. Kathy wanna cry when she recalled the happy memories and was very depressed for a few months as if that's the end of the world.Kathy realised a man is not reliable; it is better to spend the time to improve her than put massive effort on him. Kathy is becoming marvelous by following the passion for doing what she likes; meanwhile, she attracts more handsome men which she has never thought about before. Now Kathy lives happily, she regards it as a life experience and is becoming stronger because she knows how to get out of a hard time. The man has already disappeared from her mind; it’s like listening to a story of someone else. Why care so much about a man who ever hurt her once?An emotionally strong woman is not supposed to wait for a man to find and change her, then being upset if he runs away with other women. An independent woman should always to be herself and do what she likes. If a man leaves, that’s fine, she is not worried about it because she has lots things to do, a man is just a dessert rather than the main meal. And she has other men on the waiting list; she can pick up one if needs.To be a happy woman, she has to be independent both financially and emotionally. Only if a woman has prepared enough, she will be a lucky one as she won’t put much pressure on a man: you must be responsible for my life if I marry you. A man loves a woman who gives him personal space, an independent woman is too busy to check his text messages and has no time to worry about losing him. Don’t be afraid of experiencing life. If fails, please consider it as a lesson; if it works, then happy ending!! Life is an adventure, Keep smiling and be happy!!! You are most welcome join my wechat subscription: Englishpassion 