---
title: The last working day before Nation day
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<p id="p_1"><span id="s_0">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; Tomorrow will be the last working day before the Nation day of 2019 that means we can enjoy a long vacation except the spring festival.</span><span id="s_1"> Absolutely, it&apos;s a happy time to most of us especially after long time work overtime, no doubt everyone expects the vacation in company.</span><span id="s_2"> Fortunately, there is no mandatory instruction of working overtime during vacation from high lever.</span><span id="s_3"> From my side, I need make an arrangement in advance go outside for relaxing myself with my family, it will be perfect if the weather is good enough.</span><span id="s_4"> Currently, I don&apos;t know how the weather will be during seven days holiday, but, I hope it won&apos;t spoil my good mood when I am in vacation.</span><span id="s_5"> I should spend more time accompany family and take my kids looking around the city, it may don&apos;t need to go far away just to cherish the happy time with my kids instead of watching cell phone at home.</span><span id="s_6"> Even I did a terrible time during the past weeks and I could take this opportunity to adjust myself to think about which steps I should do, to continue this kind of style of life or encourage myself to jump out current zone to find a something new.</span><span id="s_7"> This question has already confused me a lot these days, currently, I still can&apos;t respond it.</span><span id="s_8"> I have too many concerns and worry about myself whether I have strong enough to pursuit something new outside.</span><span id="s_9"> Can I accept the result of starting from scratch? <span id="s_10">Maybe the answer is negative.</span></span></p>