---
title: The Innocent Anthropologist
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
Because of the rain, I do not go outside this weekend, except for shopping in the supermaket and some other stuff. They are all stocked up in the fridge. With all the things prepared well, I can spend my time reading something. I have finished a book, the Innocent Anthropologist, which is a funny and interesting one with the protagonist who is the author of this book narrated his experience of his study among a primitive tribe in a remote place in Cameroon. The English traveled far away from his country to a backward tribe in Africa. During his study, he suffered a lot which was supposed to be a painful and unforgettable memory, on the contrary, became a story that it surely will make you belly laugh since his sense of humor let that story vividly impressive.I admire his positive attitude to life and study. And I get to know anthropologists sometimes are considered to be a group of crazy people who do their studies that you hardly get what its real meaning is. While this point is clearly important that we usually neglect that something does exist on the planet and we never or seldom read their life.Besides, thanks to the translator's work on this book. From characters, I can sense the humor from the author which bring me the experience of the job about the what an anthropologist usually does.When the modern civilization conflicts with uncivilized culture, it definitely generates some huge shocks on our recognition. What an amazing world. There are still many unknown things deserved to discover and explore.