---
title: Thoughts of Learning English
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<div>I have been learning English at 51 talk for five years. According to my learning records, I have completed 583 classes and practiced English communication for 291 hours. Chawee, Clief, and Cardi, they are my favorite teachers. They have left 51Talk one by one. But I haven&apos;t graduated from 51talk yet. My English is still poor.&#x2028; Sometimes, I think the reason why my English is not yet improving yet is because of my learning ability. However, I know I excel in other fields. I think, my learning method doesn&#x2019;t suit me. I believe, with the right method, I can master the language in no time because I am an experienced teacher, too. Moreover, I found the main reason as to why my language skills hasn&#x2019;t improved yet. I have no one to practice the language with. In other words, I don&apos;t have an atmosphere for learning English.</div><div>Thanks to my other teacher, Jhoan, In my opinion she is an excellent teacher and she is willing to help me. I like the way she communicates in English. She speaks in a clear and relaxing manner. It is pleasing to the ear, like the breeze or the sound of water spring. Sometimes I can&apos;t catch up with her but her body language helps me understand her better. Now we can have some simple communication. I feel happy whenever I speak to her. Because she never makes me nervous and she always encourages me to express myself.</div><div>I hope I can make great progress with her help. Finally, we can get into barrier-free communication situation.</div><div><br></div><div>Corrected by Teacher Jhoan</div>