---
title: To my son (仿 Cook 2019 斯坦福毕业演讲）
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
To my son: You are the closest thing to my heart, not least because we actually live under the same roof. The past 11 years have united us together. But today we embrace a moment that demands some reflection. Pressures have screwed up our past. Illness has tampered with our present. But fears should not shake our future. Crisis can’t break who we are. It creates who we are going to become, the smarter, the braver and the very better version of us. Our failures—in school, in work, wherever—are just part of life. From the day we were born to the last minute, it’s the mistakes we’ve made get us into trouble, and it’s the mistakes we’ve learnt from that’s going to get us out. Too many seem to think that inaction can shy away from humiliating failures. Son, being a man is about believing that you can’t possibly be always on the right track, because you aren’t built to be perfect. It’s about making peace with the fact that you’ll get lost, tripped and even hurt time and time again. So what was true then is true now. Don’t waste your time making the worst assumptions. Don’t try to avoid those challenges, difficulties and failures that are in store for you to the exclusion of everything else, contorting your life into a false security. Find the opportunity in difficulties. Find the courage in challenges. Find your way out in failures.仿悯农的打油诗：Each tear that’s shed in presentWill make tomorrow’s smile shineWhat will this suffering bringFrom the ashes a phoenix fly to the sky 