---
title: Twenty thousand RMB PART-III
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
after that, i made a mistake, one day, i went to a market.  stole a cabbage and carried it home.my grandpa got very angry and took out a rolling pin to beat me, that is the first time he hit me. after beating me , he ask me to kneel in front of bed and ask: why stole cabbage? do you want to be like your uncle to go to jail, right?speaking of my uncle, i begain to cry and say, i don't want to be my uncle, just want support our family, just want my mom back earlier.at this time, my grandma rushed over and hugged me and speak to my grandpa, you beat her too hard, no ability to earn money.my grandpa threw the rolling pin and squating in the doorway to smoke, his face as dark as clouds wiht no any words.i was suddenly afraid that my grandpa would abandon me, i stood up and wiped tears for grandma and say, i will naver steal cabbage anymore, you must not let me leave.my grandma cried even worse, i will want you forever , as long as you study hard, when you grow up   you must have the ability to earn money to support the family.later, my mam finally come back, she dressed very good-looking, red coat, permed a head of curly hair. but she doesn't stay a few days and went away. before leaving, mother give me a hundred RMB, ask me to learn hard.i nod to her, but this time i didn't ask her when will be back. because i know she don't know even.this time i am not sad like before, seems already used to it.shortly afterwards, my grandpa went away too, feel like something missing in my family, really uncomfortable .grandma said grandpa's illness is geting well, can go out to work, so that to reduce burden for my mother.there are only my grandma, aunt and i at home, right now.few year passed, aunt can't able to go to college, she said she want to go to south to find my mother, grandma doesn't allowed, but she stole my grandma's money run away alone.my grandma was very worried and cried everyday that almost her eyes went blind. called my mom by through relative, tell her let aunt back if see her.no long after, my aunt really back. but she didn't back home, but is meet me at the gate of school, ask me to steal grandma's money,. i disagree and want drag her go home.but she refused me. she told me my mom's live is not that good at there,she is going to GuangZhou with her classmate to make a lot money.i got back home and lied to my grandma that the school is going to have a event and need pay for it.i took the money and pick up two steamed stuffed bun run to the alley, give them to my aunt. she told me don't tell grandma and run away with an old brother.after that i feel a little regret, but i no dare to tell my grandma, there are only grandma and i at home, i don't want she worry about this.