---
title: Wait but do something
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
Of those things which have made you crazy, there are do be some can be a lesson for you.I always think of what is the main reason that how come the difference occurs between people. Some spend much time on contemplation about if there is a panacea to solve problems, others do little about moving forward since they never plan to think, only a tiny little portion of those guys have realised the importance of the combination about the moves and thoughts. Anyway, we do fear of making mistakes.Such kind of a situation works in almost every field. Yet, it does fail on those who really want to change. How about the action which might not be eventually coming out what we want. Does that mean we have to get out of the way? Never.Easier said than done. Huh? Right. First we have to admit we are not impeecable. Second we must find what we are gifted. Supposing we are nothing, is there a way to figure out guiding the path to an ideal destination?The answer is Yes. But, there is a HOW. And a WHY comes after it. A big problem is we can not tell the current situation which we are involved in. A good way is to go out and hike to somewhere. To be with trees and wind, probably you find the answer. To overview everything from the top of a hill, your horizon is highly improved to a new level. Amazingly. All of a sudden, you are to capture the outline of your routine. Sooner or later, you screen out what is the best option you can have.Naturally, there is no absolute answer. You are the one who can measure your ability and judge what you are adequate to. After kicking out, the ball has no answer for audience, it only comes out when it ends. The score is made by efforts through tactics, wit and energy. We learn to be wise.