---
title: Who Could be Trusted
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
Anna is at a cafe at the airport. She talks to a strange man sitting at the next table.“—Excuse me,… It's a pleasure to meet you. Could you do me a favor? Would you mind looking after my luggage for a short while? … I just need to quickly exchange my money.”"—Sure. I don't mind looking after your luggage…."This is a scene of an English teaching film. What I’d like to say is, it does not happen in real life because we couldn't trust any stranger.It is dangerous to ask a stranger to do you a favor, especially letting someone look after your luggage or watch over your children. Because there are a lot of important things such as some valuable supplies, precious materials and some certificates. So we don't suggest that you ask some stranger to do something for you. Besides, your children are  not ‘objects’, so they can't be entrusted to others.  It is also dangerous if you want to help others who are too active especially one who acts enthusiastically and excessively because you will be misunderstood by others. You will be suspected as s cheater most possibly.As the economic society is developing, the whole society turn into complex, more and more. People's thoughts and lives are not pure and simple no longer. Kindness and wickedness exist at the same time and at the same pace. We are busy on our important things, without spirit, energy and time to identify these kindness and wickedness. So we prefer to do everything by ourselves. We couldn’t believe others. We can only believe and trust ourselves. Corrected by Teacher Chawee