---
title: Why do Chinese photograph food they about to eat
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
After I posted a few photos of Chinese food on Wechat, one Aussie friend made a comment:“Why do Chinese photograph food they about to eat"? Good one, actually, I have never thought about the question.Normally, I seldom post photos of food in Melbourne, because I go to the same restaurants on a weekly basis for 14 years. No matter family visit me or catch up with friends, I no longer have passion about it.However, when my brother visited me, he was very enthusiastic about western food especially Italian ones, eg, spaghetti, steak, salmon pizza and garlic prawn. I won’t be surprised if brother post it on Wechat to share with his friends.When on holiday in China, I am fascinated about the old traditional Chinese food, eg, small wonton (小馄饨), deep-fried dough stick (油条), pan-fried dumplings (生煎), black sesame Tangyuan (黑芝麻汤圆) etc.True, most of them are available at Box Hill in Melbourne, but some can only be found in Shanghai,eg, Yang’s pan-fried dumplings (小杨生煎)， it is very juicy with lots veggies inside, I have never seen the vegetable, Shepherd’s Purse(荠菜) at the market in Melbourne.Therefore, when I have these Shanghai snacks, I will be very excited, can’t help taking photos and then post them on the Wechat. My brother is wondering why I am interested in stuff as old as grandma?Probably he is used to them as he can have a taste as long as he feels like; they are special to me, I have to take an airplane from 8000km away once a year or longer.Every year, I post food photos when I travel around China, one thing is for a record, it’s easier for me to find one and insert into a blog. The most important thing, food in China is as popular as beer in Australia or fashion in France. Food represents Chinese culture, the key element traveling around China is to have a taste of local flavor.One dish represents a city, it is special as the original taste won't be the same at a different location, even the similar flavor, you won’t have the same feeling with the local people sitting around, who speaks difficult dialect.So if you wanna try the best, you might have to go to a particular city as no one from others can compete with it. That’s the reason for photos taking, which means you enjoy staying in that city, and that would be a wonderful flashback when you open the photos of nice food, the happiest moment you ever had.Just a couple of hours of driving in China, the local dishes will be so different. From super spicy hot pot in Chong Qing, Si Chuan to yak hot pot (牦牛火锅) and buttered tea (酥油茶) in Shangri-La;From Yum Cha in Canton to hand-made beef ball (牛肉丸) in Shantou (汕头);From Lanzhou hand-pulled noodles (兰州拉面) to Yunnan crossing-the-bridge noodles (过桥米线);From three whites (white shrimp, whitebait and whitefish) in Lake Tai to steamed Yangcheng Lake hairy crab in Jiangsu province which is very close to Shanghai; The best season of crabs starts from Sep. lasts for a few months, and that is a must for Shanghainese.In Shanghai, the one I enjoy most are cold dishes. Eg. lotus root appetizer stuffed with sticky rice in sugar syrup with osmanthus blossoms (桂花糖藕), but I am very picky. One day, my mum bought one for me from the market, I said: “Sorry, I don’t think I will have it.” “You told you liked it very much.” “Yes, I do, but I only have the ones from a few limited restaurants.” It calls the same name and looks similar, but taste is completely different. It’s just like coffee, I don’t drink coffee often, so it’s ok, I can drink at any coffee shop. For a coffee lover will understand the feeling I have Lotus root stuffed with sticky rice.We all have a very high standard in a particular thing.Just like people from Si Chuan will never be satisfied with the spicy food in Melbourne, even not in other cities of China, it’s like baby food to them because the red chillies and Si Chuan peppercorn make a difference.If someone asks me: “Do you like fish skins?”“Oh, nooo, it’s horrible, not for me.” But the one at ChenTian Ji (陈添记) in Canton changed my idea and so far I have never found any as good as that.So I have been to Chen Tian Ji twice within two days because the stone mill soya-bean milk is very rare in the modern society of China. The shop still keeps old tradition which can hardly be found in other cities.Food is an art. What a pity if visit a place without taking photos of food for a good memory, there might only a few left in the world.In most small to medium size cities of China except four big cities, the food price is cheap. In Melbourne, 130CNY ($25) can only afford to buy one dish of vegetable; In China, two people can have five to six dishes in a four-star restaurant.Naturally, I would love to take photos: “Wow, how beautiful!” the five-star environment which ordinary people can afford to go.That’s the passion for food and life. If one day, nothing can get my attention, I feel so bored about traveling and no more interested in yummy food, I am afraid turning old.Passion for photographing food is the sign of enjoying life which means I am trying something new.please join my wechat subscription: Englishpassion if you like my blogs