---
title: Working allocation
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
     It is a little late for me to sit down in front of the computer to record some things that I experienced these days, during the past these days, I felt extremely busy even I have not too much time talking with my wife. A new project will be on running on next round trial-run but, we will do lots of preparations before starting. The first thing we need do is to find proper glue agent for coating process, I believe that it is not an easy job even we put into two manpower for this single item, on this item makes me head-pain is that I worry about it may cause conflict during daily working between guys who should be working well together, due to it will involve personal opinion even interests with suppliers, that it is not what I want to expect on this case. Unfortunately, I am the one of two guys who currently involve in this case. Of course, I will try best to avoid unhappy things on the whole process, currently, the guy with me has a good relationship than others in the department, as plan, he will gradually drop out this case until I take over it from his hand. But, based on actual situations, on the one hand, I can't take of this case by myself, because I get in touch with this case halfway, not at the beginning of this project. On another hand, he may not want to quit this case, at least don't quickly quit due to he will take another case that he really doesn't want to take.     Now, all things are still on going with under control. I do really hope it can run as plans.