---
title: 2019-04-29
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
Yesterday I did something very special albeit sounds a little bit silly thing. I walked about 20 minutes to a post station and sent a letter to an online friend by regular mail. The girl at the station threw me a kind of curious look but she didn't say anything. There was no stamp, and the girl collected the post fee, which is 1.2 yuan, through QR code. So, it was not exactly like the old days. But still, precious memories have all been brought up.This whole idea came out of Shirley, dear leader of our learning group. Honestly, when I first heard it, I was like, with so many much more effective and faster ways, who would go back to writing a letter? But when I settled down, writing the letter with a pen, walking to the post station and mailing it, it felt so different.It's not just about nostalgia, it's about slowing down and communicating with each other in old ways, where we don't rush, we don't hurry up, we pause and think, where we see people as human being not just a social media profile.Perhaps one day there would be no such things as a regular mail. Perhaps in the not so distant future, we might have faster and incredible ways to communicate. When we want to talk with someone, we simply close our eyes, and through some magic chip in our brains, we could appear together anywhere we want, either on exotic beech, or in tropic jungles, and sat down to have a nice "face-to-face" talk. However, it would not be the same. And those feelings when you wrote a letter would be always there, stored safely in our memories.