---
title: Apple will have to pay for it's willfullness.
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
<p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; &#xA0;Apple is a great company in all the world, it has brought us so many excellent products and methods. But now it seemed that all the honour is passing by. I don&apos;t think it will sustain it&apos;s brilliance if not&#xA0; any changes happened&#xA0;. The company&apos;s stock price has fallen down&#xA0;more than&#xA0;40% in the past three months. More and more people begin to doubt the future of Apple.</p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; Apple is a great example in many areas in the past tens years, such as advanced design, excellent quality, high profit and lots of fans in all the world.&#xA0; We willing to pay a high price for an excellent product, such as iphone.&#xA0; There are no a strong competitors besides so many followers in so long a time.&#xA0; Even&#xA0;a company who manufact&#xA0; the components or assemble the Apple products is an honour for a company,&#xA0; you won&apos;t get a good job if you have not take part in an Apple product&#xA0; for an engineer.&#xA0; I still think the quality of Apple product is perfect till now.</p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; But the conditions of Apple products sales is getting worse and worse. What happened to Apple?&#xA0; I think there are 3 reasons for that: </p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; first, there are not a revolutionary products or refresh in the past years.</p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; Second,I know that the high price is the best choice for a product when there are no&#xA0;competitors. It can help them gain as much as possible to support the new product development and fat profit.&#xA0; But a reasonable price is necessary to keep his strenth when there are many competitors appeared.&#xA0; But to our surprise,&#xA0; they sales products in a higher price in order to keep it&apos;s profile,&#xA0; how strange method.&#xA0; Apple product is still good , but we don&apos;t want to pay three times or more for a products just a little better than others.&#xA0; And it even don&apos;t better any more&#xA0;in many aspects.</p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; Third,&#xA0; I still don&apos;t understand why App can get a commission from every exchange of the 3&apos;rd APP which downloaded from Apple store before.&#xA0; Commonly, the exchange between Apple is finished after the APP downloaded.&#xA0; Is there any reson it can get money from the App&apos;s exchange, it&apos;s just the APP&apos;s business.&#xA0; Should we pay&#xA0;to the car manufacturer all the life if we use a car for a business?&#xA0; Apple is a rascal in the thing.</p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;I have a pessimistic attitude to apple if they don&apos;t changed in the near future. It will end the life of the company by itself.</p><p><br></p><p>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0; </p>