---
title: coffee or pearl milk tea
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
    The pearl milk tea enticing the world, spreads its irreplaceability to everyone including the least possibility group, the aged man, i am sure about that. My dad are one of them, indubitably, my drinking passion is no less than my dad, to be precise that all relatives never rejecting this invitation for once as it like a thoroughfare of beverage.    I do not need to emphasize the pearl milk tea quality problems in material-picking processes or operation marking processes, since the brand milk tea stalls are willing to follow all the sanitary standards and they are legal. We love them with greatest passion can be proved by the branch numbers in every city. And what makes this beverage so red-hot for such long time. Yes, sugar. Sugar is addictive, not only your tongue loves it, what is more, your physical body and mental spirit all love it. It offers energy, sweetness and happiness during the whole digestion circulation. Maybe the fat received by your belly, needless to say, the irresistible evidence. Pearl milk tea with no sugar, it is right on menu. Is that true, we all know the fact.    So for the health good, i juvenile using coffee to supplant pearl milk tea. It works a little with foreknowledge the same addictive, this time, coffine. Instead of the coffee from coffee shop, i choose to instant coffee. I totally agree the taste not quite good, the only merit of all is the drink amount i can firmly control to taper on behalf of one day i can get rid of being addicted. What embrassed me is when i got a coffee form shop yesterday, it tasted much more delicious that it once was. I have to say my tougue seems not like my idea, next time it has to cherish every drip of good coffee. One day, when i am not controlled, i will undo the body with balanced consumption.