---
title: Depression Fighter (Imitation Writing)
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
Hello I'm Shadow speaking for DFC, the depression fighter's club. We're  a group of middle ages trying to survive the pressures of mid-life crisis. Coming up here today I have no hidden agenda. I'm fighting against depression Fighting against depression is not like fighting a physical disease or a few bad habits in your life. I'm here to speak for all of those being dragged into the abyss of depression. I am here to speak on behalf of that brilliant famous star, who seem to have everything in the world, still threw himself out of that building many years ago, for that man who work 996 for a living and suddenly broke down and ran against traffic with tears all over his face in that rainy midnight; for countless people on the street with worries and tiredness, who hadn't been really seen by the others for ages. Here you may be IT programmers, lawyers, managers, workers, brick layers, couriers, but really you're mothers and fathers, wives and husbands, sisters and brothers, and all of you are someone's  child. You have responsibilities to bear. You don't even have the option to break down. And even when we have chance to succeed, we are too tired to grasp. We are too scare or dull to truly listen to our inner crying for help. I wish I was brave and strong and resilient enough, and if I were, I would tell you all of my darkest fears, insecurities, and despairs without afraid of being labelled and judged. And now many years have gone by, we have not even come close to understand that we are depressed not because we are mentally weak. Some people always say, "You are what the others see you, not what you truly are"  Well, what you see me makes me cringe at sleepless nights. You always say embrace the diversity, but I challenge you, please make your action reflect your words. Thank you. 