---
title: Do not underestimate your ability
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
This weekend is in the hot, moist and damp status. As a result it turns out to rain which is to cool off for a while soon. According to the workout, I have run over 60km this month. As long as I am available, I go for that after work in every two or three days. On weekends, I double its distance to run longer. Besides, I design the line to run. On the way of running, I view something that I have never met before. I could meet some guys who run against me in the opposit direction. I know I am not alone. Though we do not know each other, we are all for the same purpose of doing better and changing something. After suffering blisters on toes, I run easier as they recover to be fine. As it is getting hot, this moment is much better to consume fat. Last year, a friend was convinced to run. I told him I just ran and he probably could follow it. He never thought he could do it. Especially he had one of his ankles twisted in a basketball play. He joined to run as of he came through the bad memory of ankle hurt. Now he becomes much confident. Just last month, he informed me he would take part in a cross-country race with the distance of 30km. He never ran that long before, but he still tried and finally he did it. Though he had legs cramped halfway, he hung in there and stepped forward foot by foot. In more than seven hours, he passed the finishing line. A man's potential is huge if he keeps it and develops it. Why do we always have to complain a lot but do nothing to change? The main reason is we do not want to be moving forwad. Since there is always enormous resistence right there which is not easy to change. The cost to alter something is usually painful. That kind of cost is definitely worthy of being paid. Rebirth is the time of another living.