---
title: Facing the Sea with Spring Blossoms
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
“Facing the sea with spring blossoms” originally was a sentence of a song. But it is now used by some people to describe a happy life.  Why does the posture of "facing the sea” connected with the "happy life"? Personally, I think having a  happy life is set up on the basement of the material. Where the economy is developed, where trade is prosperous, where the material life is rich and colorful, the people living there have a high quality of life and therefore have a happy life.China's reform and opening originated from coastal areas. Shenzhen and Zhuhai are the first set up in 80 last century two special economic zones. The special economic zone practice special economic policy, Mainly through reducing or exempting customs duty and offering excellent environment of investment for introducing foreign investment. At the same time, input advance technology and ways of managing and reaching our purpose to improve the special economic zone's development.The coastal areas are facing to the sea and owns a lot of commercial advantages. Under the guidance of Shenzhen and Zhuhai, a number of national-level economic development zones, such as Shantou and Xiamen, have been established successively. These cities became the front cities of reform and opening of China. At the same time, the people there  are enjoying the high interests from advantages of trading policy. They have become the first rich people. Everyone shines with happiness. The city has become a new one.  There are many skyscrapers everywhere and the birds sing and dance, flowers blooming. Everywhere is warm and peaceful. So"facing the sea with spring blossoms" is a truth described as the situation of the people who are living in coastal areas. However, in most of China's poor areas, especially in the central and Western regions, people's lives are not rich. Some people are still living in difficulties. Some children in mountainous areas still can't go to school, and even some people and children are still hungry. Obviously, there is a huge gap between the poor and the rich. We can't help asking what caused all this. There are various answers. Personally, I think, the main reason is these areas are not “facing the sea”. These areas I am talking about here are not “facing the sea”, not literally. Actually, I mean, these areas don't have preferential policies from the government. The government hopes that developed areas will promote the development of poor areas. But China is so big that the development of each region is unbalanced. Therefore, people living in poverty-stricken areas look forward to some special policies to help them get rid of poverty and move towards common prosperity.I hope that one day, all the Chinese people will be able to "face the sea" together to create a happier life.Corrected by Teacher Chawee