---
title: Get into career two years, i have $2 million in deposits[part IV]
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
for change my life, i have to work harder. and i need more frugal, due to bank's lunch is free, i always take my lunch away on the pretext of working overtime, so i can bring much more food back that i can eat the rest of lunch for dinner. in the bank i wear work clothes, back home i still wear work clothes.after work or in weekend, i use the convenience of my job to sell insurance, and also free to teach community members about money management and the knowledge of funds and stocks. most of them already earned money through my suggestion.  In this way, they trust me more and more, they are also willing to buy some insurance or some finance products from me. so my track record has been good. The more you do it, the more daring you get, due to all of stocks i was bought before are rise. i decide buy much more stocks with all the money I've saved. but you can imagine the result. the stocks declined.my mama said to me on the phone, you have not back home for two years, your father and i are very miss you. you must be back this year whatever happends.the new year is coming soon, but i even no money to buy ticket. fortunately, the bank paid the salary and bonus in advance. i bring the twenty thousand RMB get on the train home.dad tell me a good news as soon as i get home, GOV plans build a new hight way right across our house. A few days ago, the government has finished the measurement for our home, at least two million RMB. mama said those two million all of me  to buy car , house, and wife.That's the story of how I made two million RMB in less than two years.