---
title: I obtained an Australian drivers license later than my daughter
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
When I went downstairs, I heard from our designers and specifiers, “Congratulations, Sweetolive, you passed the driving test, well done!!!!” “Yes, thank you so much.” “How do you guys know?” I was wondering. “Everyone does, that’s the hot news today.” It spreads too fast, from upstairs to downstairs, from admins to designers, even my boss asked, "How's your driving test going?” I can't remember I have ever told my colleagues before the test because I am not going to let them know if I fail once more.The first time, I told everyone, "I will have a driving test tomorrow.” The following day, when I entered into the office, everyone was interested, “How's your test going?” “Failed.” “Oh, no; keep going.” My colleagues encouraged me. “Sure, I will.” “My friend failed four times,” Tristan told me. “Then he passed the driving test at Sale where there are not many people in the countryside.”The second time everyone laughed after I announced that I failed at the last minute the time I returned to VicRoads, I didn't stop to let a man walk through at a shared zone.“Haha, Sweetolive, you nearly hit him!!!” “Not really, I drove at 10km/h; I was concentrating on the speed and trying to find a parking spot without noticing a man walking towards my car.”This time, I want to keep quiet; I don’t like everyone notice if I fail again for so many excuses.Indeed, I have no problem driving on the highway at 100km/h, yet I can't guarantee I can pass the test, it is very strict recently.The driving skill is essential, but for the driving test, one has to pay attention to the details with good luck on that day, one can never predict what happens within the 1-hour test. Even someone is very experienced in driving, and he is still at the risk of failing if he can’t match the criteria. I’ve heard a Chinese car mechanic; he is very good at driving in China, unluckily, in Melbourne, he failed eight times. It is not unusual; there are stories from my driving instructor that some of his students who are excellent drivers in China, some of them had to take many times driving test before obtaining a driver's license in Australia. The funny thing is the more experienced ones in China, the harder to obtain an Australian license, because bad habits die hard, they are likely to fail at traffic rules than driving skill.Therefore, the driving test is not only about how brilliant a driver you are, of course, the more experienced, the better, but obeying the traffic rules is the key to pass, and paying attention to details is essential. For example, I was warned heaps of times that I should be very carefully at a slip lane when the turn signal off, I need to turn on again until I have finished the left or right turn completely. If I forget turning on the signal twice, it is likely to fail the test, which stressed me out. What’s more, sometimes, I can’t remember to check the rear-view mirror before turning on the left and right signal. For a few times, I turn on the high beams accidentally. The early morning before the test, I took 1 hour and a half driving class, at 60km/h zone, I drove at 62km, which lasts several seconds. My driver instructor said, “You may not pass the test if driving over the speed limit like that for a while.” One friend said it was so easy 20 years ago, as long as you were not a drunk, then you could pass the driving test. Now it’s getting harder and harder, that made me nervous. My husband gave me a good suggestion, “You need to keep traffic rules in mind by thinking about a picture just like you are driving.” That is an excellent idea. Since I failed the second time about two months ago, instead of practising driving, I used imagination to think about steps how to drive on the road in the real situation.For example, how do I change the lane from left to right? First, I need to check the rear view mirror, turn on the right signal, and then check the side mirror, after that, check the blind spot by looking over my shoulder, if it is safe, change lane and then turn off the signal. If I miss out checking the blind spot and rear view mirror, I might fail. I have so many things to imagine how to drive at a roundabout, how to use median stripes for turning, how to merge on time without crashing and change lane without speeding. If I ignore one of them, I might fall.I used to focus on the driving skill without paying attention to the traffic rules, whenever I had classes, my driver instructor pointed out mistakes I’ve made. Since I was trying to keep these details in mind, though I stopped practising driving for a while, last Sunday, I had a class, surprisingly, my driving skill remained the same, but I paid more attention to the traffic rules. Until the morning before the test, my driving instructor said that I had an 80% chance to pass. I was not sure at all, who knows what happens on the road.Now I have obtained an Australian driver’s license, a P-plate, I feel so lucky, my driving examiner is a lovely young Aussie man; he put me at ease.Fortunately, during the test, I didn’t make significant mistakes at all, even not minor ones. I am happy; if I fail again, I have to spend AUD270(1350CNY)  for two classes at 1 hour and a half each which including using the car for driving test, though the courses are not compulsory, it's worth to pay for it. “You have to pay again,” my driving instructor felt sorry for me last time. “You must pass next time.” “No worries.”I said, “I might have to regard it as traffic fines which are more expensive than classes." Two of my Aussie colleagues received three infringement notices within one month, each of them paid AUD 700(3,750CNY) to AUD800. I can save money on travelling, clothing, not for having classes. Sometimes failure is not necessarily bad; you have to think positively; you master well about the traffic rules before you drive on the road by yourself, which reduces car accident. I told my colleagues, “One is never too old to learn.”Yeah, I obtained a P-plate later than my daughter, that’s not a big deal.I believe one can learn anything at any time as long as you have the motivation to reach the goal. One more story, 12 years ago, once I paid driving classes and had a test, I failed, and then I went back to China. After back to Melbourne, I live in the city, it was not urgent for me to drive at all, so I have never thought about doing the test again. Though I did write on my 10-year plan, nevertheless, I have never taken action; it was until my dad pushed me hard. Here, I appreciate the inspiration from my dad who changed my mindset; my driving instructor's encouragement, patience and excellent teaching skill. Especially thanks to my husband for 120 hours of supervised driving, taking notes, drawing the pictures of the traffic rules and the accompany of my daughter for her navigating the road.They are the ones who made my dream come true. I am not a smart type, but I always dare to make things happen no matter how many times I have failed, keep going, do it over and over until I reach the destination and then find one more challenge. That is fun.