---
title: I registered my coaching business in Australia
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
Eventually, I got my ABN (Australia Business Number)and a business name: Emma Kang Coaching. It took me the whole day to figure out what kind of business I should run with a company name, a business name, or simply using my legal name. I was on the phone with wow teamers, Michelle, especially Josh was so supportive; friends and professional ones from the website who were willing to give me the advice. I was trying to register with ASIC directly, yet it seemed the “create the account” button never works, which frustrated me so much. In the end, I registered with ABNRegistration.com.au; it only took 15 minutes to complete all the procedures. Now I am the business owner of Emma Kang Coaching. Setting an ABN and a business name is the first step for me to live on the creative life again. If I would love to live a secure but repetitive life, I don’t need to worry about a financial thing at all. However, I don’t think I am that kind of person who is content with a stable life, nothing changes. I need a bit challenging to make me regain the sense of being alive. Running a business is like swimming in the ocean; I can never predict what happens.As far as I am aware of, I can’t stop learning new things. Coaching is about self-development, I am ready to grow with my clients together. I am learning marketing, sales, business, coaching, etc. It’s a brand new world, which gives me a sense of the first time I arrived in Australia. I am full of curiosity to see what the world is gonna offer if I try my best. I find it’s fun, it’s a new adventure. I am experiencing something fabulous; I haven’t had this feeling for so long since I’ve achieved a big goal, a Uni degree, a PR, a job, an apartment, a car. Once again, It’s time for me to enter into an unknown world. Life is magic if you dare to give up a comfortable but boring life and ready to challenge yourself so that you can live on your ideal life. That’s the amazing part I enjoy most, which is unpredictable. It is fun. Barbara Sher said,Fun is going after what you want and meeting new people and making discoveries and fashioning things never seen before and learning things you didn’t know. That’s exciting, and excitement is half joy and half fear- that’s the way it is. It’s like skiing or diving into a pool- a little scary but lots of fun. That’s me; I feel a bit scared, a bit excited. I enjoy self-development, that’s the purpose I start a new business. There are so many things to learn; it keeps me very busy. How about you? My dear friends, you don’t have to go to another country or another city to experience something unique. One thing you need to do is to discover what you are passionate about, and use your wild imagination to think about a bigger picture, if you believe you can do it, if you take action and commit to success, then you can make it. If you feel stagnant; if you want to speak fluent English so that you can get your job promoted, or if you're going to study overseas; if you're going to change your career, please talk to me. Here I am offering six free sessions to help you achieve your goal and dream.You can count on me.Please join my Wechat: sweetolive2016 Let’s get connected.- Sweetolive (Emma Kang Coaching)