---
title: Introduce a girl to my little brother
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
      My little brother still single at the age of 32, athough I don't think it's a big problem in the current world. But my parents who are both farmers worried about that very much . And there are no any indications that he will try his best to get a girlfriend. We worked in the same city, so I always be asked to help him.  Unfortunately, we both don't have a big social circle as engineers.  So, I can't do anything except meet him and talk with him frequently as a friend.        He has a good education background and a good job.  He is a nice boy in general althouth he is introverted.  I know he still want to get a right girl as his girlfriend. But it's a difficult thing for an introverted engineer in a technical company.  And he don't want to get a girl to marry until he find his right girl.        Today, when I talked with my colleague I learned that one of her classmates is still single too. The girl looks nice and has the similar age, education back ground,  work experience and even we come from the same province.  Me and my colleague both happy about that because it is not common to meet two people with the similar conditions.  We think that there is a big opportunity for them to be the right people.  We exchange the basic informations of them and want to introduce them to each other.          I am exciting  to wait for their feedback, just like I was waiting for a girl's answer when I am still a boy.         I hope it will be helpful, athough I know it isn't a easy thing.         Best wishes to them.