---
title: Is it necessary to have a car
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
     My second child birth at the beginning of 2018. So buying a car became a topic in my family although I don't think it's  not so convenient as it seemed.   I take part in a driver training class and got my driver license in the end of 2018, because my wife want to buy a car and she don't dare to drive by herself at the beginning.      After is got my drive licese, I spend a lot of time to learn about the knowledges and want to select a suitable car for us in so many brands.  I almost find the right car for us in these days.  But we have a conversation about the necessary and cost of a car before we make our decision. That made us hesitate:      Why we want to have a car: Most people around us have had cars.The e-bike can't carry all the family out because of the second child's coming.It's a long distance from our home to my wife's office. Have a car will save more than a half time to get to her office.We plan to have more travel with the children in the future.      The weakness to have a carThe cost of keeping a car is expensive:  the cost to buy a car is about 150,000 yuan ; the oil for each year is about 10,000 yuan ; the assurance and maintenance fees is about 10,000 yuan per year; the cost to have a located parking space is 70,000 yuan.  And there are parking cost in the office or destination, traffic rules punishments and fines.  The total cost if more than 450,000 yuan if a car can operation 10 years ( 15,0000+ 10,000*10+ 10,000*10+ 70,000+ others cost =450,000).  It will cost us 45,000 yuan each year.  We won't cost so much if we go by a taxi.Because there are so many cars in the city now. It's not easy to find a parking space not only in my community but also in office and other place.  Most saving time will be spending on finding a parking space.It's not so difficult to take a taxi.  And driving is a tired thing especially for a long distance driving.     In general, it is not so necessary for a family such as us to have a car .   If we want to go out , just take a taxi.      Maybe there are somthing I missed.  Could you give me some advice?  should we will buy a car or not?      Thanks