---
title: leisure time
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
    I start to enjoy idling away in flower-bird market after lunch time as a digestion happy time. Sun warms your body, the glittering sunshine coating the pavement, some flesh points through window may ignite in your eye without bothering you. Transparent winds sweeping around you, bounce back and forth briskly.    Flower-bird market, a traditional market, full of stalls along two sides, one after one in order, every store manages to extend space as much as possible to catch greatest sight of you with deliberately layout.     The greenery, the main player, silently greeting you with the sign of enjoying yourself which spontaneously switchs on your potential sensation. You are caught in flower world, most of them you unknown, that doesn`t matter the way you fully appreciate them. The firmness, the delicacy, the colorfulness and magnificence all these lives contain, to some degree sometimes contradictive happen on a life two sides.    My favorite part, the bird, yes, makes a noise and pervades the full street. Smells not good, not clean enough the condition is, but never affects the charisma of them. Their attactive shape, sheen feather, innocent bounce all stagnates your foot. Their soundings, resonant, singing in concert forming a symphony orchestra with their instinctive stylies. Curious about you in the presence of them, may not enough to trigger all the attention of their world, but you just delighted by this vivid world.    The fish, swarms under water, at first in the procession, then arbitrary array of forms in the following, the dumpy brash one heavily tapping the water and splashes onto the road. Their slim fin pretentiously represent their natural gifted, dividing the water into half, the dominance of the world under the water.    All these form a world, strong connectivity with the nature which should be supposed to us. 