---
title: Lose weight
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
     During the past of 2018, everything seems like to be as usual except my increasing weight. To be frank, I never worry about my weight, because I always think the weight is not a big problem to a man as long as the weight is not over standard too much. Based on this kind of mindset, I seldom control my daily diet even when I eat too much at night and comfort myself that it will be fine, I just occasionally eat a little bit than normal. All these result in my weight that goes far away standard too much, even one of my close friends persuades me to go on a diet in a way. Today, I put myself on the scale to check whether I really gain weight a lot, absolutely, I do put on weight of five kilograms during the past six months. That it is also surprise myself a lot. What's wrong with me? I don't feel liking eating more than usual, why I still gain weight a lot? Do I eat too much high-calorie food over the dinner? After keeping calm, I thought the main reason is because I recently have a good appetite with less exercise. Normally, my daily walking steps are no more than five-thousands, so if I want to lose weight in the new year of 2019, I have to take some effective measures to prevent trend getting worse, as the temporary measure, I think the best method is to go on diet, because I don't think I can lose weight by exercise.     With the approach of 2019, I have to make a flag as one of my resolutions of 2019 is to realize the target of losing weight of five kilograms at the end of 2019.