---
title: Mid-Autumn Day
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
This Friday will be the Mid-Autumn Day. Every one in the office was delivered with a small box of mooncakes and a medium sized box packed with some pomegrantes. I do not know what is the exact reason for giving us pomegranates. But it is the right time to have that fruit in this season. Well, that is for the festival. This festival is a symbol for reuinion, especially for family members being together. Particularly, in the ancient time, according to the customs, sitting around with family members, and it would be great with the admiration of the moon while eating mooncakes. Nowadays, such a occasion is not that easy to have. Mostly, we just realise the festival which is called Mid-Autumn Day is going to be coming. Or rather, it is only a festival, something like Spring Festival. We have the holiday. That is all. Yes, for many of us, we have to work for living. Much of the time is fully occupied by the work and trivials things from life.Whatever, we still have mooncakes. Usually the ingredients of mooncakes are sweet that some guys, including me, do not like that taste too much. Sometimes you even can not feel your teeth after having that kind of a mooncake. Anyway the atmosphere of the festival is warm and harmonious, though it is not that strong compared with the old days. In order to avoid that kind of sweet taste, there are many new kinds of mooncakes made to cater for people. For example, some are with fruit ingredients, some with yolks, etc. They are more acceptable. But we still have to know they are still the food with high-calorie.At the same time, the scent of osmanthus flowers adds to the joufulness. I am totally intoxicated among the light smell. It is everywhere in the city. Even in a remote path, you can never easily miss that scent. This is the gift of the nature which brings us the palatable moment.