---
title: Mr right(2)-make a girl notice you and approach her
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
In the movie Mr. Right (恋爱先生), Yan Wang (王岩) is becoming attractive with self-confidence after changing image from the advice of a love consultant, Hao Cheng (陈皓). One day, Yan followed his dream girl Le Yu (徐乐) into the elevator. Hao: That would be the best time leave first impression to the girl when there are only two in the elevator. Hao:Today you are supposed to do one thing, press the button for the girl the level she goes, and you stand in front of the elevator, please don’t look and talk to her, make sure she feels safe.Hao: Physical attraction is essential. You have a nice suit, and that would be the bonus if wear a little bit perfume. “Please.” Yan waited at the side of the elevator. “Thank you.” Le Yu walked outside. At that moment, Yan was very excited, that’s the first time the girl noticed him.The second day, when Yan drove past the girl, he stopped.“What’s going on?” the girl asked.“Sorry, your tire is flat.”“I didn’t know that, and I must have trouble if I drive.” Le Yu.“No problems, do you have a spare one?”Yan. “Not sure, I have never done that.”“No worries, I can do it for you.” Yan“We have met in the elevator, right?” Le Yu.“Exactly, we work in the same building.” Yan. Hao gave Yan advice: "Please remember to make your shirt look really dirty and show her you don’t mind at all, how clean your shirt was in the elevator, how guilty the girl will be."After a while, Le Yu: “I’m so sorry for your shirt.”“That’s fine, it’s a man’s responsibility, I will help you.”“Thanks so much.”“You are most welcome.”“I do appreciate for your help, I’ll buy you lunch.” Le Yu. “Please wait for 3 days, then go with her.” Hao advised Yan. “Sorry, I have an arrangement today.” Yan “But I feel bad if you don't go with me, look at your dirty suit, it’s my problem.” Le Yu “I am so sorry, I can't make it this time.” Yan apologized. “Well, we work in the same building, whenever you are free, please let me know, this is my phone number, thanks so much for your help.” Le Yu.Hao reminded Yan: “Please keep the phone number, but don't add her Wechat, be careful, moments (朋友圈) are the beginning of a disaster. “Cool, I will let you know if I am available, hope see you soon.” Yan told the girl.City people are being cold, when you walk on the street, wait for an elevator, take a subway, do gym or stay in the library; that would be a lucky day if you meet someone says “Hello” with smiling face. However, when open up Wechat people nearby, you might receive 10 greetings within one hour “Hi, Hello, How are you?”  A man can say “Hi” to as many girls as he likes in an online world, likewise, a girl may receive 20 “Hi” from 20 men. Probably a girl will so sick of an online “Hi”, even doesn’t bother to reply, because it doesn’t need much effort, it could be a copy and a paste, and you hardly see the face or hear the voice of an online friend. In real life, “Hello” is precious, which is becoming a scarce resource, especially in big cities, a handsome man hardly says “Hello” to a beautiful girl in public. So if a man likes a girl, “Hello” is a good start, you will stand out when no one else does it. A man makes a girl feel special when he says that with smiling face, it will be difficult for a girl to resist a nice man who looks fit, elegant, caring, kind and polite.You might think it’s just the movie, in real life, Yan Wang does not exist. In Melbourne, it’s quite often to meet a gentleman like Hao Cheng in my apartment.First impression is important, good body shape is the foundation. And that’s the sign one is having a good lifestyle, which means he cares about food and do exercises regularly. My original neighbor, an Aussie man in his 50s, still looks fit compared to the majorities who are out of shape in that age. Sometimes, I met him at gym, or in the elevator he’s taking a bicycle, or just running home.Now, it makes sense, that’s reward of discipline and persistence. If he can do it, there won’t be an excuse for a 20, 30, or 40-year-old man develop a good habit to build up a body as attractive as a movie star. Everyone can do it as long as put it on the priority list. You might argue: Oh, no, that’s not me, my family is poor, that’s my destiny, I don’t think I can make a change, it depends on the luck. But have you ever made an effort to make your dream come true, and that won’t cost too much, if you can’t afford gym, running, walking and cycling is free. Please don’t wait to let it go, be more active, to make it happen.In Mr. right(1), I talked about appearance is the first step to get a girl’s attention, a nice body matches suitable clothes, good quality shoes, fashionable hair cut. There’s no reason a girl will ignore a man like that. The second step is find an opportunity to show a girl you care about her and you can do everything to make her feel good. It’s just like in the movie Mr. Right, after Yan Wang changed tire for Le Xu , he got the phone number and invitation for a meal.A man doesn’t say hello to a lovely girl in real life, because he has little courage with low self-confidence, if just wait for it happen naturally, the chance is very low. A man should take action to let a girl know you care about her, it’s better to try and fail than never to try at all, then you won’t regret. If a girl refuses you, just regard it as life experience, if she accepts, then romantic story will happen.you are welcome join my wechat subscription: Englishpassion