---
title: rapidity
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
The economic reform of 40 years brings us tremendous changes in surrounding no matter in lifestyle or socity valuation, lashing the society from languid rotation into inexhaustible spinning without prewarning too much.We are reshaped by the soundless approach called APP which studs on your phone, and you, without any slight awareness. We highly rely on divert APPs to better function ourself in all ways of life. Believe or not we are dominated by the APPs, adjusted in the way of APP style to gauge the valuation of life in which it makes your life convenient, cost efficiency and gregarious in all the settings. It seems great, is that true?I take the leave of all to unveil the florid cover to bring forth the substance on the table. App, a form of business torrent, actually any word relating with business, the purpose of all activity is profitablity. Time consumption or service charge are two ways the foundation of business pyramid dumped on ourself inevitably. Time consumption APP for you is charge-free, you may think is in your element, not forever. It not charge you, but on advertiser, and the"chargeable service"if they offer, needless to say barely steer its gaze into your side. In general, charge-free App is the most damaging one in which automatically offer you the deduced interesting updates due to your past orbits and keep flashing human instincts by newest contents to force you constantly clicking, it works rightly by using human inborn ingrained foibles. As you guess the conclude, a waste of time in some degrees and become more and more indulgent in this circle. In a word, corruption. Service charge APP is useful to function our life convenience--the brilliant side, opposite is more or less overshadowing in the once worked course of pro-health activities. Comsumption Statistic Survey is formed through all the registered information you unaware filling or done, is another profitability resource of business in which the details of consumer profiles, habbits, orbits to amplify/assembly potential comsumption behavior to profit platform itself or thick-skined to sell to needed supplier, really do disturbing in your life. The most inflamed part is you are trapped, caught in all the processes without any alternative solution or notice.App never naive, so use it wisely.