---
title: Rest in mind
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
A fourth of the year 2019 is to end. The spring has made everthing vibrant. A brilliant season I can have therefore I asked for a three-day leave. From Friday to today, I have done almost nothing. I have myself been isolated from the noisy world. I am home. For a long time, I can not focus too much on mind to think of something. Since I never know what the next second will happen and I am always been interrupted by trifles. Daily routine always comes one after another. Now I have put trivia away and dumped something unnecessary. By getting rid of those petty little things, the mind turns to be clear. The memory is saved and reorganised to an extent which is going to be fine enough to store new story of my life.The relaxation offers me the chance to read inner peace. The time I sipped the tea I was into the mind palace where I have no companions. I was there by thinking of either nothing or something. The journey of been there took me a long wait to discover. I have never thought about myself so seriously before. It is uneasy to tell the difference between the real part of myself and appearance of what you could see from me. The real self says YES while you see NO from my gesture. Incredibly, that palace has no boundary of dimensions. Or even, it can be only called the chaos. It is full of no smells, colors and sounds, but images of every single memoment of my life. The longer I was at there, the deeper of the well of mind I dug.When I was back, I wake up and know better about myself than ever before. Probably someday, there would be a device to capture the vision from the brain. At least it helps to get back what we lost. We can rebuild it more excellent by means of forgiveness and confession.