---
title: Should We Embrace Indoorsy Lifestyle
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
    With the globalization of modern technology, especially the world-wide access to Internet service, people’s lifestyle has been greatly influenced. More and more people prefer indoorsy lifestyle, in other word, they would like stay at home, work or get leisure via the Internet. They consider indoorsy lifestyle is time-saving, active and peaceful. In contrast, some people who against the indoorsy lifestyle claim that keep an indoorsy lifestyle will do harm to people both psychologically and physically.    In my opinion, modern technology just like a coin which has two sides. If we consider it as an useful tool to make our life more convenient , it will bring us not only efficiency, but also improved our life. With the help of the Internet, one can save his time through working, shopping, or communicating with others at home. Besides, when you stay at home by yourself, free from outside disturbance, one can be creative and concentrate one’s mind on what he or she do. But if one relies too much on the Internet may ruin one’s  normal life and work. For example, indulging in social network online may make one’s social skills get worse. For instance, they may feel lost when talking with people face-to-face, which may affect their normal relationship with family members and friends. What’s worse, sitting in front of a computer all day long means little outdoor activities, which may damage one’s health.     When we are enjoying all the benefits the virtual world has offered to us, indoorsy people should also step out of their home from time to time and make some time to get into real life in order to get pace of the daily life and the society. Meanwhile, go to bed early, get up early, and do sports everyday give us a healthy body to enjoy our life, to fully experience high-tech bring us all kinds of miracles.搜索复制