---
title: Some questions about AI
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
1.What's the meaning of AGI.    The full name of AGI is artficial general intelligence.  It's has a wider range than AI.  Most of AI technology focuse on solving specific problems. On the contray, The AGI is more inteligent which is similiar with the human intelligence. It's multifunctional and can solve different problems.2. What do you think about the Strong AI or AGI     I don' t think the strong AI will  make a breakthrough in the near future .  Maybe an artficial intelligence who have a emotional and think like human will never come true.      If the strongest AI come true in the future,  I don' t  think it's a good thing for us.  If they are more knowledgable , efficient and intelligence than human beings.  What's the value of us.  Maybe we'll extinct.      On the contrary, I think the low AI will bring a huge development in the future.3. What is the creative work., Please take an example.      Maybe AI will have a good performance in database, caculate ant manufacture.  But I don't think they will surpass human in the ability of emotional , assocation and logical thinking. The work depend on these abilitied can be called creative work. Such as painting , invention,  make a decision without many evidance.4.How about the workers replaced by the AI.      The are a huge development in the past 300 years.  Many works are replaced by machine. But now we all have a work. There will be more new job for us.       We can spend more time take care our family and enjoy ourselves with the help of AI.  We will have more vacation and richer life.       