---
title: some little compaints
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
This is the third time i write this text for the internet of school is bad, and I have trouble with typing big letter in the touch screen. A roommate named "Ruan" said the real texter is noisy in midnight. So I am sorry for the mistake in my passage.I am really angry in evening. Another roommate names "chen" droped water on my items in the small balcony. It is not the first time, usually when I found that, she is sleeping or out, except tonight. I told her and got the first rude and unminded answer:        "I know that." In an of course sense.I decided to solve this problem forever, so I changed her hook with mine--in a better site,with nothing under it. I told her after done with that, to get the second rude and unminded answer :        "how dare you touch my hook without telling me?" she is the typical modern colledge student, spoiled, bad in doing housework, seldom manage her belongings. We have lived together for three years, and I told her I changed her hook to a more convenient place after that. Usually when I saw cloth dripping above my box in the corner with no one admit , I use the unnknown basin throne on my box to collect water, so did this time. Chen rushed to her position-changed hook and saw that baskin, got angry. She gave the third rude and unminded answer:         “”does your clothes never drop water?” I just wonder whose cotton underwear and socks will drop water after washing like thick coats or jeans. I always carefully hang this kind of cloth in the middle with nothing under after shrinking water to the largest degree. I keep telling myself I am an intellectrol and modest young lady and never scold others with rude and unminded words. So i just write a little complaint here. I have saw a book named the world with no complaint, hoping I can contribute to the beautiful but unrealistic dream in near future.