---
title: Stagnation
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
    These days a problem haunting me behind my back, which puts me in stagnation, where you know no exact angle to elicit or attemps to move it.Our logic or understanding upgrades with skills maturity or conscious awakening, but that is hard to keep into practice. Accumlating entirelessly is not realistic even with precondition of time comsuming wielding, for me, equates ineffectiveness. Find the leverage, that is quite good but the leverage is always not as precise as benchmark which ups and downs may have dampen the spirit in the course of punching. Keep moving for me is a slogan, intermittently heard with flash stimulus and then dry out within the changeful routine. If the desires may not be acquired then why should we in pain to exchange them, which is a bloody long road with thick thorny and darkness. During the journey, you may lash out and get notice, sorry that is the tiny start. One day you would be languid towards unknown and thinking about every point could trigger you to determine but from where and how? It is forever a compound task, the interconnection is sticky to low your tune or maybe the winning point is once reached deeper understanding of the task or the mastered skills which covered up by the subconscious. Any skill mastered is not by the one time action instead of long time practice kept in the mind and may unpolished during the storing, that is all not easy.    I once revere life and universe, but now seem "subject" this word also as big as a world. Maybe our lifelong persuit just once withered wisdom of someone`s past. Anyway, we are supposed to be value ourselves with own self-evidence.