---
title: Summary of 2018
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
2018 comes to the end. The year seems to be gone and I can still remember the beginning of this year. How time flies. Since the change and adjustment of the position, I get busier on my work. So I do not write frequently, I am sure that I am here to write something so long as I am avaiable. Dioenglish is part of my life. It provides me the platform to write and exercise. This site has been run for years and I am honored as a member of it.This year, I have read some books. Many of them are finished on weekends and evenings. Even in mornings, I get up earlier than before to read for a while. The more I read, the more urgent I feel since I realise how small and tiny I am in face of the ocean of knowledge. I really have to seize every second available that I can use on books. Reading is another part of my life. I am eager to absorb more from books. History, investment, philosophy, novel, etec. are those fields I read from which is extremely beneficial. It brings me happiness and harvest.Since work and reading have both occupied much of my time, I do not often jog around. Now I sense not that good because the fat on the waist is coming back. Before it dominates my belly, I should start out to eliminate it.In the process of running, it burns fat and consumes extra calories. For health's sake, I have to do something. Easier said than done. Perseverance is vital and I shall repeatedly remind myself I have to hold on in any case.Simply, I have to srengthen the management of time to do more things in order. 2019 is just right over there.