---
title: The last working day before Nation day
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
    Tomorrow will be the last working day before the Nation day of 2019 that means we can enjoy a long vacation except the spring festival. Absolutely, it's a happy time to most of us especially after long time work overtime, no doubt everyone expects the vacation in company. Fortunately, there is no mandatory instruction of working overtime during vacation from high lever. From my side, I need make an arrangement in advance go outside for relaxing myself with my family, it will be perfect if the weather is good enough. Currently, I don't know how the weather will be during seven days holiday, but, I hope it won't spoil my good mood when I am in vacation. I should spend more time accompany family and take my kids looking around the city, it may don't need to go far away just to cherish the happy time with my kids instead of watching cell phone at home. Even I did a terrible time during the past weeks and I could take this opportunity to adjust myself to think about which steps I should do, to continue this kind of style of life or encourage myself to jump out current zone to find a something new. This question has already confused me a lot these days, currently, I still can't respond it. I have too many concerns and worry about myself whether I have strong enough to pursuit something new outside. Can I accept the result of starting from scratch? Maybe the answer is negative.