---
title: Twenty thousand RMB PART-II
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
when i was 7 years old, i saw my mom with a luggage got on a bus, i asked:"where are we going?"mom give me a kiss and say, you don't go with me, you stay at home with your grandma and listen to her, i will go out to do something and will be back soon. after then, my mom went away by bus, but didn't come back for a long time.i miss my mom very much and can't bear it. i asked my grandpa: when exactly my mom back ?grandpa didn't say anything, just pick me up with tears in the eyes to say, don't miss your mom, let me buy some snacks to youthat day, grandpa really bought me a lot of delicious food.after that, i don't see my mom in many years, just every new year i can get a package from my mom, there are a lot of new clothes and toys in it.year by year passed, i felt like my mom wasn't coming back anymore, but i hate others say this.one day, one boy in my class, tell everybody i have neither father nor mother, i am very angry, i rushed over and had a fight with him, and scratched his face, and shouted to everybody, I'll hit whoever says I don't have a mother teacher asked me call my parents, grandpa feel too ashamed to go, my grandma took a big bag of canned fruit went to school with me.teacher ask me say apologize to that boy, i refused, grandma hit me at school for first time, i cried to my grandma, please tell them i have mother, just not at home. .my grandma cried as well, she ignored teache and bring me go homeon the way i asked my grandma: is it really my mam don't want me anymore?grandma wiped my tears and say, don't nonsense, your mother just go out to earn money. your mother should feed the whole family. later, i stop crying. but my grandma cried all the way,  your grandpa is sick and can't go to work, and your small aunt and you are going to school. don't come back is because we are too poor, not don't want to come back, not don't miss you.