---
title: Twenty thousand RMB PART-IV
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
one day, i just back home form school, saw a few people carrying my grandpa into house, grandpa's face is very pale, i ask to my grandma: what's wrong with grandpa?grandma didn't say anything just shed tears. don't worry, i just sick. grandpa said to me.i whispered to grandma why don't send grandpa to hospital ?grandma sighed and said, already sent , but doctor said it's too late, continue to cure is wast money.grandpa can only lie in bed everyday, and eat some porridge. and has been low moaning at night.i don't know what ill my granda get. but i noticed that my grandma always went to his , and took the spitton with blood pour into toilet. grandpa became weaker and weaker day by day , finally he don't have the strength to speak.my mama finally back. but it's too late to see my grandpa. grandpa died before the day mama back.my mam and i standing downstairs, looking at the white hearse run away far and far, mama was chasing while crying.and keep shouting "dad, my dad"i looked at mom's back, seem heard my grandpa was calling me. i tell to my mam, grandpa doesn't gone, just now he was calling me, please stop shouting him, he really doesn't gone.after we went to upstairs, my mam locked herself in toilet, and all i could hear was a tearing cry and bang bang sound.grandma stood outside of the toilet door, pounding one the door, ask my mother out.my mam finally come out but the face is all of blood. grandma ask her go to hospital she refused. ask me to pull her, but i no dare.i don't know why, maybe due to so many years doesn't see my mom, so that very strange each other, i really no dare to pull her.after my grandpa's death day over, my mam left again, she didn't say anthing to me this time,she just give my grandma all the money she had.