---
title: Which country would you choose to live in
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
Every time I am so happy after arriving in Melbourne the first day. I did enjoy holidays in China, travelling, shopping, restaurants, library, writing, meeting families and friends, watching TV and movies.It sounds like living in a fantasy, but after everything I’ve done, delicious food no longer attracts me as I have gained 3.5kg within three months. Can’t imagine staying in Shanghai like that for one year, I will be obese. I just didn’t have much motivation to do things and felt lost. Stay with family was good, but there were many rules and traditions that I wondered whether I was doing the right things or not.In Melbourne, I am becoming active to do what I like, no worries about the thoughts of others. After arriving in Melbourne, I am shocked by the weight gained, so I make a plan to go to gym 40 minutes per day until back to normal and have taken action from the first night.Luckily, in Shanghai, I received an email from job agency that I could do temp accounts work in the previous company, so I started working the following day after arriving in Melbourne. I know, my suitcase hasn’t been unpacked, but who cares, that’s my life, I can do it at any time. In Shanghai, if parents know what I am doing, they must remind me that I should put that on the top of my priority list instead of doing gym which makes me think I am doing wrong. In Melbourne, I'd go shopping, cooking and cleaning, but that’s not bad. I discovered that doing chores is much happier than having negative thoughts during my idle time. I find that life is not about doing nothing at all; it’s a progress that you do what you love and make improvements day by day, which makes you happy. That’s the way I love Melbourne because it is a city accepts other cultures and respects individual differences, there are freedom and personal space.Of course, everyone has a different choice, and I just met a Chinese girl Jenny, she is gonna go back to China to pursue a new dream. In Melbourne, Jenny is stagnant for doing accounts work day in, and day out, there’s not much change. She expects that there are more job opportunities in China and it might bring her good fortune.On the other hand, Amy, one Chinese friend did the same thing as Jenny. Fortunately, she got a job in Lujiazui, Shanghai and paid expensive rent for a luxury apartment which is close to the company.Working in the CBD of Shanghai is the dream of most ambitious Chinese graduates including Amy, but after five years, she decided to work and live in Melbourne. The colleagues in Shanghai were challenging; those are people who smile on her face but talk behind her back. They have problems to understand why an overseas student returned to Shanghai; there must be something wrong work in Australia. If Amy has a family business, she doesn't need to work with them, just stay at home and enjoy life. Amy didn’t feel happy at all when they said in a sarcastic voice.In Australian companies, the majority colleagues are easier to deal with; they don’t care about your personal life, just do proper work and go home. It’s simple. Though it was difficult to find an accounts job in Melbourne for being in China for so long, Amy kept applying; she did temp and part-time jobs. After one year and a half, eventually, she got a full-time accounts position in a trading firm. Probably that’s not the best, the company is not as big as the one she worked in Shanghai, but it fits her the most, people are friendly, which makes her happy.Fang, a Uni friend of mine, after she completed a Bachelor and a Master’s degree in Australia, PR was granted. Instead of finding a job in Australia, she gave up PR and helped her family business in Shanghai. Now she has two kids; the life is very comfortable to her in Shanghai. In Australia, the labour cost is high; it’s unlikely to have a housekeeper 24 hours a day, 7 days a week taking care of children, doing cooking and cleaning. In Shanghai, 7500CNY(AUD1500) a month can afford to pay a nanny do all sorts of things; in Australia, if pay 4 or 5 times amount of money, would have difficulty to find a stay-at-home one. Fang, a career woman with two little kids, still have time catch up with friends having afternoon tea, or going to Tibet for a visit and watching a movie on the weekend. If she stays in Australia, she might don’t have much freedom unless parents take care of her children.“You see, it’s so easy to buy groceries and food, just download apps and press the button, most stuff will be delivered within one day,” Fang told me. “And there are a large number of choices for the takeaway food from nearby restaurants.” “Wow, you are living in the paradise,” I said. Indeed, she is. The 250 square meters apartment is bigger and more beautiful than most of the houses in Melbourne. She seems to enjoy the life in Shanghai very much.There are still quite a lot of people have never lived or worked overseas, when they experienced difficulties in China, they are easily be tricked by a migration agent, how fresh the air, how fabulous life in Australia or other countries. Yes or no, living overseas is not as perfect as what they said. It relates to the personality and life experience; someone might feel much happier in Shanghai than in Melbourne or New York. Moving into a new country is not about expecting someone else change your life or with lots money, dining at Michelin restaurants all the time and living the life luxury by doing nothing.And still complain how boring the country, I guess that’s the problem of thinking.Only if you regard it as life experience, you set up a goal of moving into a new country, you enjoy the process and try very hard to realise it, and that will bring you happiness. I love living in Melbourne than in Shanghai; for others, they consider Shanghai is a better choice. It is a risk taker to try something new and eventually settles down in a country which fits her the most.You are most welcome join my wechat account: Englishpassion